docs: world time (#588)
rune/rune: docs/docs/advanced/real-time-games.md

```

## World time {#world-time}

> To track time outside the game, Rune exposes `Rune.worldTime()`. This function returns a timestamp in milliseconds since the epoch. Using this value allows to build daily challenges, time-based events. `Rune.worldTime()` has 1 second precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To track time outside the game, Rune exposes `Rune.worldTime()`. This function returns a timestamp in milliseconds since the epoch. Using this value allows building daily challenges and time-based events. `Rune.worldTime()` has 1 second precision.
```

Comparing Rune.worldTime with real date example:

```javascript
// logic.js

Rune.initLogic({
    setup: () => {
        return {
          holidaysEvent:
            Rune.worldTime() > new Date(2024, 12, 20).getTime() &&
            Rune.worldTime() < new Date(2025, 1, 7).getTime(),
        }
    },
})
```

Tracking time passed example:

  ```javascript
// logic.js
function initPersistPlayer(
    game,
    playerId
) {
    if (Object.keys(game.persisted[playerId]).length === 0) {
      game.persisted[playerId] = {
        gameLastPlayedAt: Rune.worldTime(),
      }
    }
}

Rune.initLogic({
    persistPlayerData: true,
    setup: (allPlayerIds, {game}) => {
      
      allPlayerIds.forEach((playerId) => {
          initPersistPlayer(game, playerId)
        
          const msSinceLastGame = Rune.worldTime() - game.persisted[playerId].gameLastPlayedAt
          const timeInMinutesSinceLastGame = Math.floor(msSinceLastGame / 1000 / 60)
          // Do something with timeInMinutesSinceLastGame (daily rewards, restore energy)
      })
      
      return {...}
    }, 

>     //Update gameLastPlayedAt for all players every second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Update gameLastPlayedAt for all players every second
```
